c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\bin\Debug\MySpreadSheet.exe.config
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\MySpreadSheet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\MySpreadSheet_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\MySpreadSheet.g.resources
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\MySpreadSheet.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\MySpreadSheet.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\bin\Debug\MySpreadSheet.exe
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\bin\Debug\MySpreadSheet.pdb
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\MySpreadSheet.exe
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\MySpreadSheet.pdb
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\_Dictionary1.baml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\_Dictionary1.g.cs
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\MySpreadSheet_Content.g.cs
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\MySpreadSheet_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.g.cs
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.baml
C:\Users\Robins\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\bin\Debug\MySpreadSheet.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Robins\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\bin\Debug\MySpreadSheet.application
C:\Users\Robins\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\MySpreadSheet.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Robins\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MySpreadSheet\MySpreadSheet\obj\Debug\MySpreadSheet.application
