c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\TelerikWpfApp3.exe.config
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\TelerikWpfApp3.exe
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\TelerikWpfApp3.pdb
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\EQATEC.Analytics.Monitor.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.Core.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.DataProviders.Adomd.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.DataProviders.Queryable.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.DataProviders.Xmla.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Analytics.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Chart.Direct2D.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Chart.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Charting.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\EQATEC.Analytics.Monitor.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.Core.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.DataProviders.Adomd.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.DataProviders.Queryable.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.DataProviders.Xmla.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Analytics.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Chart.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Chart.Direct2D.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Charting.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp3_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp3.g.resources
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp3.exe
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp3\TelerikWpfApp3\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp3.pdb
