c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\TelerikWpfApp2.exe.config
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\TelerikWpfApp2.exe
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\TelerikWpfApp2.pdb
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\EQATEC.Analytics.Monitor.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.Core.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.DataProviders.Adomd.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.DataProviders.Queryable.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.DataProviders.Xmla.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Analytics.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Chart.Direct2D.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Chart.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Charting.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Data.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataServices.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataServices50.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Diagrams.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Diagrams.Extensions.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.EntityFramework60.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Expressions.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.FixedDocumentViewers.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.FixedDocumentViewersUI.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GanttView.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ImageEditor.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Diagrams.Core.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Documents.Core.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Documents.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Documents.Fixed.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Documents.Flow.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Zip.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\EQATEC.Analytics.Monitor.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.Core.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.DataProviders.Adomd.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.DataProviders.Queryable.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Pivot.DataProviders.Xmla.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Analytics.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Chart.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Chart.Direct2D.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Charting.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Data.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataServices.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataServices50.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Diagrams.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Diagrams.Extensions.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.EntityFramework60.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Expressions.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.FixedDocumentViewers.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.FixedDocumentViewersUI.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GanttView.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.ImageEditor.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Diagrams.Core.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Documents.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Documents.Core.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Documents.Fixed.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Documents.Flow.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Scheduling.Core.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Zip.xml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp2.g.resources
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp2.exe
c:\users\robins\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TelerikWpfApp2\TelerikWpfApp2\obj\x86\Debug\TelerikWpfApp2.pdb
